I don't want to glorify where I came
from where I came from when you first
heard Nick any like that's the kid from
Nicholas the little guy always smile you
don't know that I come from where I come
from because I never wanted to horrify
because there's entry point exactly
exactly so
[Music]
but I do subscribe to numerology I do
understand symbolism I do understand
that there's spiritual warfare going on
but I as as someone who came from the
projects somebody who still got cousins
dying in shootings who still be in these
prison systems week week I'm not gonna
put a day on the or say that someone
else when I know I'm God
[Music]
why is it that we tend to give them so
much power and when did that come unlike
has to be before slavery has to be
before colonization if I want to say I
am a god I have to really embrace that
and can't say it someone else overpowers
right but guess who I don't mean to cut
you up a day yes who is behind the
people that saying that they call
themselves the Illuminati we didn't call
them the holders of the light really the
light bearers day in different
organizations and fraternities and
sororities and groups and secret society
[Music]
let's go to what it really is them when
we talk about the power of Mellon ated
people when we talking about who we
really are as guys and right then and
that melanin is so power and it connects
us in a way that the reason why they
fear black the reason why they fears
because they the lack that they have of
it so then when you see what's you know
dr. Francis II wasn't talked about is
that fear in that that genetic
annihilation see you'd have a person
that has has the lack of pigment the
lack of melon right so then they're
acting out of fear they're acting out of
low self-esteem they're acting out of a
deficiency so therefore the only way
that they can act is evil they had to be
savages they had to be barbaric so they
they're acting as animals right so
they're the ones that are actually
closer to animals they're the ones that
are actually the true savages
[Music]
the place was called Africa because it
cried it was more tribal man and right
now we need to find our tribe that's all
it is the Lost Tribes exactly and it
goes back and it goes all the way back
to where you were you are not being
anti-semitic because that's impossible
you were just speaking the truth and
talking about your community your tribe
and how others have came and taken from
your tribe like question are you proud
to be an American are you proud to be
where you to be from the land that you
are from no I'm not proud to be an
American I don't want no pop I'd I don't
have that pride I'm not prideful about
being from this particular country I'm
glad that I came back to connect with my
brothers and sisters here in America I
was here long before Chris and the boys
got here and long before America that
species long before all of them people
got here because we were already here
right exactly
you're gonna say I'm saying I had tribal
pride my father's Blackfoot Native
American okay all right I got greater
than the tribe though the greater tribe
black people I had pride and I'm proud
to say I'm connected to all of the
carbon copper Mellon ated people across
the globe we have something in common
we're talking about to the people who
don't have that mission seeing that who
want more of the Melanie exactly and the
way they see about getting the melanin
is going through please don't get
offended sisters going through the black
woman
[Music]
and then begin to colorism yeah he sees
the light in the doctor who has more
melanin you can't find one thing on any
program on or offline while
disrespecting not only Jewish people but
gay people you don't have that in your
spirit it's not a must because it's all
love right goes back to us and we soak
up the Sun we get powerful we've been
reprocessing they died on the Sun
exactly the Sun kills them exactly it
empowers us right with a high form of
alchemy we turn that into ingot melanin
mellow at night we seriously getting
that zombie get turnt up and lick you
understand I'm saying because we got we
got the melanin to do that right yeah
and and and pineal gland that allows us
to astral plane and do all the things we
do exactly but they don't get
[Music]
[Applause]
beliefs are binding meanings are
dangerous if you know someone who really
believes in astrology who really
believes that there are different signs
and symbols written into the stars that
explain people's personality that that
guide people's destinies and fates they
will interpret and reinterpret the most
minut and insignificant details of
people's lives to fit in with this
pattern of meanings that they believe it
can be very very hard to shake them out
of this belief once you start living
with that meaning you see it everywhere
you interpret new and unfamiliar things
within that pattern of pre-established
meanings I knew someone in Cambodia who
really believed in the Chinese zodiac
all right so some people are a rooster
or some people are a horse this is you
know instead of Virgo and Sagittarius
this is a different set of zodiac
science whatever you want to say I
remember she was an intelligent person
really sitting down trying to talk to
her and say look you know what when you
have a classroom full of students who
are all born in the same year thus in
the same zodiac sign you really think
you really think they have anything in
common like how how empirically do you
square this circle of course that's
exactly what she does she interpreted
things about me in my life in terms of
my zodiac sign the hardest thing about
this is you're not asking the person to
take a step from one delusion to another
you're actually asking them to take the
step from believing in this thing that
brings meaning to their life that you
know fests their view of the world with
all kinds of meanings to believing in
nothing at all right once once you've
really adopted this sort of worldview
that Nick Cannon gives voice to right
he doesn't perceive himself as racist he
doesn't perceive himself
prejudice it doesn't matter how much new
information he takes on he could sit
down and read a legitimate history book
and he's gonna reinterpret what happened
those events in history the same way
that someone who believes in zodiac
signs and astrology is gonna reinterpret
the events in people's lives and indeed
even events in history in those terms
within that grid of prefabricated belief
based meanings what Nick Cannon is
giving voice to here it ain't new it
ain't something that just came out of
nowhere you could hear the same thing
from black Hebrew Israelites you can
hear the same things from the five
percenters you can hear a lot of the
same verbiage from the early Malcolm X
the thing is about Malcolm he was too
intelligent to really buy into it all
the way and he was very keenly aware of
the critique of his views offered by dr.
Martin Luther King jr. he really was
aware even though Malcolm X also came
out of this ignorant gangster prison
sentence background and you know oh yeah
this theory that white people were the
result of a scientific experiment yeah
you'll see him trying to dance around
this this ain't something new that just
came out of nowhere the British Empire
is over but what's much harder for us
all to deal with is that the belief in
the excuses that underpinned the British
Empire are falling apart right here and
right now
right and that is new when I was a kid
first the people were old enough they
were born in that generation that really
believed in that sense of mandate and
meaning and purpose that the British
Empire had when I was a kid there's
still war people around who really
thought that what Christopher Columbus
did was a good and wonderful thing and
who really saw the British conquest of
Canada North America is steps towards
birth when I was a kid that we're still
people around who thought that the
British conquering parts of Africa was
part of the march towards progress it
wasn't one thing those excuses those
meanings those zodiac signs and the
stars those really ruled people's hearts
and minds right it's the hardest thing
in the world for her us as like the
orphans of the British Empire and
healthy apprenticeship fires collapsing
on now that the British Empire's
meanings have become meaningless it's so
hard for us to find a new sense of
identity and meaning and purpose and we
have these statues everywhere I gave my
girlfriend a walking tour of downtown
Toronto I could point to some of these
statues and monuments a you know what
that's a monument to you know what war
that celebrating you know what genocide
that's about it it's not written real
clearly most kids can walk past this is
one of my I've said this for years
nothing is easier to ignore than a
monument right trash you're questioning
what these statues are sure 2020 people
are finally talking about tearing them
down who are our heroes who were these
monuments commemorating what are we
celebrating
right genocide and the dream of an
empire that we woke up from nobody
believes in anymore right the the pthose
of Nick Cannon who is an idiot but I can
still sympathize he's a complete idiot
but of course I can sympathize you can
see him groping for some greater sense
of identity you can see this you know
desire to conflate who is and who is not
Hebrew and Israel height and Semitic who
can and can't claim the narrative of
slave rebellion and liberation that's
found in the Old Testament it's the
hardest thing in the world for him to
really take a step back from this to not
replace it with some other worldview
with some other set of beliefs some
other system of meanings but to really
take that step toward nihilism and
believe in nothing to really recognize
this is meaningless and then this whole
other even more profoundly disturbing
tendency to try to conflate black
African people who came here as slaves
with the indigenous Native American
people to try to claim some kind of
continuity the care of you know
non-white civilization as if it's one of
the same
thing okay what what about you Nick are
you gonna crack open the books are you
gonna learn Cree are you gonna learn a
jib way or are you gonna learn Mohawk
are you gonna learn the Blackfoot
language very difficult language to
learn google it right now I mean you
know look here on YouTube for examples
of these languages being spoken when you
go to a bank machine you put in your
card what are the languages you can
choose between English Spanish Chinese
right what's what's the future of that
attention I'm sorry
what with you when you put your card
into a bank machine what are you looking
at you're looking at the future this is
the future of the British Empire
but the British Empire died what did it
leave us with it left us with this
international banking system this is the
only thing anyone has allowed anything
left to believe in is getting their
money out of the bank machine and going
shopping what if we just fight that war
in Iraq for so you can keep your goddamn
bank machine the money and go shopping
him buy oil at Texaco British Petroleum
alright I
I sympathize with the desperation of
people like Nick Cannon to construct
some kind of meaningful identity out of
the bits and pieces of this broken dream
and this nightmare of the British Empire
that created this world we now live in
especially the United States and Canada
especially in places like Australia
especially places that are directly
shaped or reshaped by that history of
conquest colonialism and Jennison
but you know what the real way for it is
it's not believing in the British Empire
right and it's not creating a new myth
the hochi perhaps an even more insane
mythology to believe in it's taking that
step towards nihilism it's developing
the strength to really live with no such
belief
[Music]